Dynamic Object State Challenges (React)
1. Editable Profile Form
Create a form that allows the user to update multiple profile fields (name, bio, location). Each field should update a single state object on change. Display the updated object live below the form.

2. Dynamic Input Field Generator
Start with a single input. Add a "New Field" button that appends a new input field dynamically. Each field’s name is its key in state. Typing in the field updates the matching key in the object.

3. Toggle Permissions Panel
Given an object like:
{ read: false, write: false, delete: false },
render toggle buttons or switches for each permission. Update the object in state when toggled.

4. Real-Time Survey Response
Build a form with dynamic questions (loaded from an array like [{id: "q1", question: "Your age?"}, {...}]). As a user types, store answers in an object like { q1: "23", q2: "Yes" }.

5. Tag Manager
Create a tag system where users enter a key and value (e.g. "category": "books"), and it gets added to the state object. Display the current tag list and allow deleting any tag by key.

6. Multi-language Text Editor
Maintain an object like { en: "", fr: "", es: "" } for a multi-language text input. Update only the current language value in the object when the user types.

7. Settings Object from Checkboxes
Generate checkboxes from an array of setting names (e.g. ["autoPlay", "sound", "darkMode"]). Track the toggled state in a settings object.

8. Object Field Validator
Create a form with multiple inputs. As a user types, validate each field (e.g. length, format) and store validation status in an object:
{ email: true, username: false, password: true }

9. Cart Object Updater
Given an object like { "item1": 1, "item2": 3 } (item IDs as keys, quantity as values), build "+" and "−" buttons to update each quantity inside the object state.

10. Dynamic Form Previewer
Let users add fields with both key and value (e.g. "title": "Developer"). Display the resulting object as a live preview. Provide a reset button to clear all fields.

🧠 Final Challenge: Multi-Section Profile Builder
Scenario:
You're building a multi-section profile editor (think LinkedIn or GitHub). Users can fill out their personal info, skills, and social links. Your job is to manage all of this data in a single object-based state.

✅ Requirements
Manage a nested state object like:

{
  personal: { name: "", email: "", bio: "" },
  skills: [],
  social: { twitter: "", github: "", linkedin: "" }
}
Form sections:

Personal Info: 3 inputs (name, email, bio)

Skills: input + "Add Skill" button. Display each skill with a delete option.

Social Links: 3 inputs (twitter, github, linkedin)

Live Preview:
Display the full profile object below the form in real time, formatted with JSON.stringify().

Reset Button: Clears the entire form and state.